Name - Ravindra kotegar
ID - 999901041

1. Early in the interview Roger was asked what problems were being approached (and attempted to being solved) through the white paper “Fair value and decentralized governance of data”. What two core areas of data did Roger say he and his Computable Labs company trying to solve?
A. The two issues discussed in the White Paper "Fair Value and Decentralized Data Governance" are:
	-- How the data is obtained, or what methods are used to collect data.
	-- How people who crowdsource data sets will share beliefs or solutions.

2. In the Enterprise use case, what did Roger say about how to determine who owns data?
A. Roger said with our protocol as defined in the white paper, the ownership of the data can be created. And autonomous structures that use a source of reality or perception to ascribe ownership. What counts is where they got the data from, and whether they made the data more enforceable or not.

3. What did Roger say are some of the problems with company’s centralizing data as it stands right now?
A. The issues with the centralizing data of the organization as it stands at the moment are Outsized amount of influence, and they obtain an outsized amount of value from data sets that are crowdsourced from us all.

4. Roger describes a simple example of the basic workflow of how data is served by his technology through the use of decentralized “protocol contracts” and what he calls the “Data trust” storage. In your own words, describe how this process works.
A. Rogers says we can't just trust someone to set up data, but there are organizations that are expected to provide the data.

5. Roger suggests a data marketplace model of service providers so that there is decentralized universal access to data, and mentions how “next generation crowd-source models” will propel the fair market value of data. What property did he say this fair market value would be based on to derive this value?
A. This fair market value will be dependent on data quality and how it gathers, verifies and validates the data.

6. Roger is bullish on Data privacy and encryption technologies and how we might have a future where data on the Internet is open, fully encrypted and secure “in the open”. What two companies did he think would be one’s to watch in this space?
A. The two companies that Roger thinks will be one to watch in this room are: Github and the training of autonomous vehicles.

7. What is a “synthetic” dataset (as described in the interview), and what problems did Ben challenge Roger on with a market where these datasets might exist?
A. Data generated by machines or computers are called as synthetic data. Whether a dataset is accurate and brief could be the problem with those results.

8. Which Block chain network will the project be available for testing?
A. Ethereum block chain aims to get the project ready for production.
